Bitbull
BITBULL brings sound money to the world, fulfilling the original promise of Bitcoin as "Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash". Merchants and users are empowered with low fees and reliable confirmations. The future shines brightly with unrestricted growth, global adoption, permissionless innovation, and decentralized development. All are welcome to join the BITBULL community as we move forward in creating sound money accessible to the whole world.

Limitless
Sound money is an alternative to opaque monetary policy, one that bakes transparency and fairness into its design. Money without limits means no more asking banks-with their fees, delays, and fraud risk— for permission to use your resources as you choose. We believe endowing money with these characteristics is foundational for building peaceful and prosperous societies.
Easy to use
Whether it's your paycheck, pension, or piggybank savings, money matters to us all. The ability to freely acquire and use personal resources is a vital component of human dignity and a fundamental human right. That's why we stand for sound money without limits.
What we're doing about it
Our products make cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin more accessible. Individuals can buy, use, and store them securely with digital wallet and financial services. Businesses get access to the tools they need to accept cryptocurrency payments. Developers get support building technologies that promote financial inclusivity. Everyone who visits Bitcoin.com can learn about the future of money from a trusted source.
Why Use Butbull?
Global Reach
With Bitbull, you can send money to anyone, anywhere in the world, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Like the Internet itself, the network is always on. No transaction is too big or too small. And you never need anyone's permission or approval.

Control
The seizing of capital from account holders that occurred in Cyprus and nearly in Greece, demonstrated that bank deposits are only as safe as political leaders decide. Even under the best of conditions, banks can make mistakes, hold funds, freeze accounts, and otherwise prevent you from accessing your own money.Banks can also decide to block your transactions, charge you fees, or close your account without warning. Bitbull gives you full, sovereign control over your funds, which you can access from anywhere in the world.

Fixed Supply
The BITBULL protocol ensures there will never be more than 21 million coins in existence. Governments constantly print money out of thin air, endlessly inflating the supply and devaluing everyone's savings. Bitbull has a fixed supply and therefore represents sound money.
Privacy
Bitbull offers more privacy and anonymity than traditional payment systems like bank transfers and credit card payments, since it’s normally impossible to know who controls a Bitcoin address. Bitbull offers various levels of privacy depending on how it is used. It’s important to educate yourself thoroughly before using "BULL" for privacy purposes.
Discounts
Many merchants offer discounts for paying in Bitcoin, because it eliminates credit card fees and helps grow the adoption of this new payment system.
Token Economics
Storing and managing tokens on a blockchain provides greater transparency and integrity than traditional forms of asset accounting and trading. Bitbull supports token protocols that power a variety of projects, and it is easy to create your own token backed projects.

Support Freedom Worldwide
Bitbull is a permissionless, open network. It empowers you to engage with your fellow human beings without intrusion. It's decentralized, voluntary, and non-aggressive. As usage grows, old power structures will erode while fresh ideas blossom. It may help usher in the greatest peaceful revolution the world has ever known.
Benefits For Users
Low Fees
The network fee for a typical Bitbull transaction is less than one penny. If you want to convert your BULL into fiat currency, such as US dollars, you can do that through merchant processors for a cost that is still much lower than credit card processing.
No Extra Costs
Unlike credit cards, there are never any automatic voids, refunds, chargebacks, or other unexpected fees. Fraud protection is built into the system with no cost to the merchant.
New Customers
A growing number of patrons are choosing BITBULL as a preferred payment method. They favor merchants who offer this payment option and actively seek them out.
Free Marketing and Press
By accepting BITBULL, merchants can gain free listings in website and app directories, gaining even more customers. They can also take advantage of this new trend and generate press for their business.
The History of Bitbull
In October 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto published the famous whitepaper entitled "Bitcoin: A Peer to Peer Electronic Cash System". In 2009, he released the first bitcoin software that powered the network, and it operated smoothly for several years with low fees, and fast, reliable transactions. 

Unfortunately, from 2016 to 2017, Bitcoin became increasingly unreliable and expensive. This was because the community could not reach consensus on increasing the network capacity. Some of the developers did not understand and agree with Satoshi's plan. Instead, they preferred Bitcoin become a settlement layer.

By 2017, Bitcoin dominance had plummeted from 95% to as low as 40% as a direct result of the usability problems. Fortunately, a large portion of the Bitcoin community, including developers, investors, users, and businesses, still believed in the original vision of Bitcoin -- a low fee, peer to peer electronic cash system that could be used by all the people of the world. 

On October1st, 2021, we took the logical step of increasing the maximum block size, and Bitbull was born. The network now supports up to 32MB blocks with ongoing research to allow massive future increases.

Decentralized Development
With multiple independent teams of developers providing software implementations, the future is secure. BITBULL is resistant to political and social attacks on protocol development. No single group or project can control it. Multiple implementations also provides redundancy to ensure that the network retains 100% uptime. 

The bitbull.org.in website is a good venue for making proposals for changes that require coordination across development teams. For those wishing to implement changes to the Bitbull protocol, it is recommended to seek early peer-review and engage collaboratively with other developers.

About Our Bitbull Casino
Enjoy an amazing library of games on a Crypto Casino brought to you by the most trustworthy brand in the industry. Our BULL Casino offer a range of video Slots, Blackjack, Roulette, Video Poker, Live Casino as well as our Exclusive games for Bitcoin gambling. 

Why play at our Bitbull casino?
Promotions & Tournaments
Participate in weekly tournaments with huge prizes! Enjoy bitcoin gambling promotions, offering free spins, cashback, bonuses, and much more.
Exclusive VIP Offers
Heavy wager? We will enroll you in our exclusive VIP Program. Enjoy massive deposit bonuses, generous cashback, and other offers tailor-made just for you.
Trusted Brand
Deposit, play and withdraw your crypto seamlessly and without a worry! Our bitcoin casino is operated by the most trusted brand in the industry. Rest assured that your gaming experience at the casino is going to be top-notch.
24/7 Support
A highly qualified customer support team is at your service round the clock to make sure you are always at your best when you want to play.
Fast Withdrawal
Cashing out from bitcoin casino account is a breezy affair. Get your crypto within minutes of placing a withdrawal request.
Secure Crypto Casino
The assets you deposit are completely under your control, and are stored safely in your casino
Team
Shanky Singla - (Chairman & Co-founder)
Masters in Business Administration (Finance) Amity University, Noida, India

Harsh Singla - (Chief Operating officer & Co-founder)
Masters in Business Administration (Finance) Amity University, Noida, India

Gaurav Sachdev - Chief Executive officer & Co-founder
Masters in Business Administration (International business) Punjab College of Technical Education, Baddowal, Punjab, India
